skim: add page (#6081)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/sk.md

# sk

> > Skim is a fuzzy finder written in rust.

Reviewer: I'd write like this:
```suggestion
> Fuzzy finder written in rust.
```

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't that be 
```suggestion
> Fuzzy finder written in Rust.
```

Reviewer: Yes, `rust` instead of `Rust` was a mistake :)

> Similar to `fzf`.
> More information: <https://github.com/lotabout/skim>.

> - Start finder on all files from arbitrary locations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start finder on all files in the specified directory:
```

> `find {{path/to/search}} -type f | sk`

Reviewer 3: is `search` a directory?
```suggestion
`find {{path/to/directory}} -type f | sk`
```

> - Start finder on running processes:

Reviewer 4: Could this be reworded like

```suggestion
- Start finder for running processes:
```

> - Start finder on running processes:

Reviewer 2: Why is the tool suddenly called finder? Shouldn't it be
```suggestion
- Start skim on running processes:
```
?

Author: its a fuzzy finder .. thats why .. called finder here :)

Reviewer 2: But it sounds a bit like `finder` is a name here. Why not just saying `skim`?

Reviewer 4: I'd say that its better to use the product name rather than something that could cause confusion.

`ps aux | sk`

> - Start finder with a given query:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Start finder with a specified query:
```

> - Start finder on all files in the specified directory:
> 
> `find {{path/to/directory}} -type f | sk`
> 
> - Start finder for running processes:
> 
> `ps aux | sk`
> 
> - Start finder with a specified query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start skim on all files in the specified directory:

`find {{path/to/directory}} -type f | sk`

- Start skim for running processes:

`ps aux | sk`

- Start skim with a specified query:
```

> `sk -q "{{query}}"`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
`sk --query "{{query}}"`
```

- Select multiple files with `Shift + Tab` and write to a file:

> `find {{path/to/search_files}} -type f | sk -m > {{filename}}`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
`find {{path/to/search_files}} -type f | sk --multi > {{filename}}`
```

> `find {{path/to/search_files}} -type f | sk --multi > {{filename}}`

Reviewer 3: is `search_files` a directory? I prefer this in sync with the first example
```suggestion
`find {{path/to/directory}} -type f | sk --multi > {{filename}}`
```
